Reflect changes from https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-5-9/ (#3427)
microsoft/TypeScript-Website: packages/tsconfig-reference/copy/en/options/module.md

In addition to the base functionality of `ES2015`/`ES6`, `ES2020` adds support for [dynamic `import`s](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/import), and [`import.meta`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/import.meta) while `ES2022` further adds support for [top level `await`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/await#top_level_await).

#### `node16`/`node18`/`node20`/`nodenext`

The `node16`, `node18`, `node20`, and `nodenext` modes integrate with Node's [native ECMAScript Module support](https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html). The emitted JavaScript uses either `CommonJS` or `ES2020` output depending on the file extension and the value of the `type` setting in the nearest `package.json`. Module resolution also works differently. You can learn more in the [handbook](/docs/handbook/esm-node.html) and [Modules Reference](/docs/handbook/modules/reference.html#node16-node18-node20-nodenext).

- `node16` is available from TypeScript 4.7
- `node18` is available from TypeScript 5.8 as a replacement for `node16`, with added support for import attributes.

> - `node20` is available from TypeScript 5.9 and provides a stable option intended to model the behavior of Node.js v20. Unlike `nodenext`, this option is unlikely to have new behaviors in the future. Also unlike `nodenext`, specifying `--module node20` will imply `--target es2023` unless otherwise configured.

Reviewer: Realistically this should just say that it includes support for require(ESM), I think?

> - `node20` is available from TypeScript 5.9 and provides a stable option intended to model the behavior of Node.js v20. Unlike `nodenext`, this option is unlikely to have new behaviors in the future. Also unlike `nodenext`, specifying `--module node20` will imply `--target es2023` unless otherwise configured.
> - `nodenext` is available from TypeScript 4.7, but its behavior changes with the latest stable versions of Node.js. As of TypeScript 5.8, `nodenext` supports `require` of ECMAScript modules. `--module nodenext` implies the floating `--target esnext`.

Author: ```suggestion
- `node20` adds support for require(ESM).
- `nodenext` is available from TypeScript 4.7, but its behavior changes with the latest stable versions of Node.js. `--module nodenext` implies the floating `--target esnext`.
```
@jakebailey Agree, should I keep it terse here to just decrease the odds of this being out of date again?

Reviewer: Yes, I'd keep it terse unless @andrewbranch has a better wording here.

Reviewer 2: I would drop "from CommonJS modules" (you can `require` from an ES module via `createRequire`), otherwise sounds good to me

Author: Cool just yeeted that in. Tnanks @andrewbranch @jakebailey !
